`eks/karpenter` Readme.md update (#792)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-components: modules/eks/cluster/README.md

            addon_version: "v1.19.0-eksbuild.2"
```

> ### Picking a Kubernetes Cluster Version
> 
> When picking a Kubernetes version, you should consider the following:
> 
> * When the end of life is. See [Amazon EKS End of Life Dates](https://endoflife.date/amazon-eks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Amazon EKS End-of-Life Dates

When picking a Kubernetes version, be sure to review the [end-of-life dates for Amazon EKS](https://endoflife.date/amazon-eks). Refer to the chart below:
```

grammar and phrasing nitpick ... "consider the following - 1 thing". Why not just say the 1 thing directly?

Author: thought there was going to be more :)

| cycle |  release   | latest      | latest release |    eol     |
|:------|:----------:|:------------|:--------------:|:----------:|
| 1.27  | 2023-05-24 | 1.27-eks-3  |   2023-06-30   | 2024-07-01 |
| 1.26  | 2023-04-11 | 1.26-eks-4  |   2023-06-30   | 2024-06-01 |
| 1.25  | 2023-02-21 | 1.25-eks-5  |   2023-06-30   | 2024-05-01 |
| 1.24  | 2022-11-15 | 1.24-eks-8  |   2023-06-30   | 2024-01-01 |
| 1.23  | 2022-08-11 | 1.23-eks-10 |   2023-06-30   | 2023-10-11 |
| 1.22  | 2022-04-04 | 1.22-eks-14 |   2023-06-30   | 2023-06-04 |
| 1.21  | 2021-07-19 | 1.21-eks-18 |   2023-06-09   | 2023-02-15 |
| 1.20  | 2021-05-18 | 1.20-eks-14 |   2023-05-05   | 2022-11-01 |
| 1.19  | 2021-02-16 | 1.19-eks-11 |   2022-08-15   | 2022-08-01 |
| 1.18  | 2020-10-13 | 1.18-eks-13 |   2022-08-15   | 2022-08-15 |

> *This Chart was updated as of 08/04/2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This Chart was updated as of 08/04/2023 and is generated with [the `eol` tool](https://github.com/hugovk/norwegianblue). Check the latest updates by running `eol amazon-eks` locally or [on the website directly]((https://endoflife.date/amazon-eks)). 
```
